Features 🎬:

    High priorty:

    Medium priority:

    Low priority:
        Animate between planes
        
    When editing orginal matrix give visual idication it is edited but NOT updated
    When updated clear all steps and change solution

    High priorty:
        (Medium) Add checker for all inputs so only valid inputs allowed.

        (Easy) Add popup top left always open saying if solution, infinte solution, no solution.

        (Medium) Finish up matrix stuff so it works.
                    E.g when matrix is typed in show the solution.

        (Medium) Move between input cells with arrow keys 

    Medium priority:
        (Medium) When editing orginal matrix give visual idication it is edited but NOT updated
        (Medium) When updated clear all steps and change solution

        (Medium) MAKE LAST MATRIX HAVE REMOVE BUTTON OR HAVE REMOVE LAST OPERATION BUTTON OR SOMETHING
                Remove all as well (Maybe)

        (Medium) Add settings page
            (Medium) Add settings like: Axis on and off, grid on and off, etc...
            (Medium) ADD FPS CHANGE SETTINGS
                (Medium) When someone goes to page do one draw operation and time it and give reccomended fps.

        (Hard) Add color picking page

        (Medium) Add minimzation of matricies (Make button work)

    Low priority:
        (Hard) Animate between planes
    
    Add help page

    Finish up matrix stuff so it works.
        E.g when matrix is typed in show the solution.
    
    Add animate / animate button

        (Medium) Add animate / animate button

        (Easy) Choose better font
        
        (Hard) BE ABLE TO SAVE SOLUTOIN AS LATEX / SAVE AS IMAGE / SAVE AS TEXT

        (Medium) Make the matrix look a little better
        
        (Easy) Have base colors be color blind compatible

Linear Transformations page brainstorm 🧠:
    Three different sections:
        left: equations
        mid: graph
        right: question problems directory

    Question directory:
        All on same page, questions go down out like directory,
        when click on question hide directory and show questio info and stuff and have back arrow to go back to directory

    Equations:
        Coppy desmos ideas
        Both "direct" and or "formated" matrix input

        Demo:
            A = [[],[],[]] (Not graphed)
            v = [1,2,3]    (Graphed)
            Av             (Graphed)
            m = Av         (Graphed)

        If output is a vector or pedefined shape it gets graphed. Otherwise it doesn't.
        There is option not to graph

    Add minimzation of matricies (Make button work)

    Animate between planes

    Choose better font

Glitches 🐛:
    CHANGE VIEW FORGETS SETTINGS

    Zooming with scroll wheel is messed up. Zooming canvas should *only* zoom canvas.
        Track pad AND scroll wheel need help with this.